These are just a few premade responses for when I'm out talking with community members.



Hey, I hope you don't mind me bothering you, especially as I'm not currently looking to commission, but I was wondering if I could tell you about a project I'm working on!  I am trying to spread the word about it, as we are hopefully close to launch, and want as many people as possible behind us.  It should hopefully revolutionize commissions in the fandom, and, if you have a minute, I'd love to discuss it with you!



Hey!  I hope you don't mind me bothering you, but I was wondering if I could tell you about a project I'm working on, and you can tell me what you think about it?  It should hopefully revolutionize commissions in the fandom.


Hey!  I hope you don't mind me bothering you, especially as I'm not currently looking to commission, but I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions about your artistry?



I'm working on a website for furries which will hopefully revolutionize the workflow of commissioners and artists!  How do you currently recieve and keep track of commissions, and what would you change about it?



What do you like most and not like about existing sites such as FurAffinity?



Well here's what I'm working on, if you don't mind telling me what you think, if you'd use it, what you'd want to see, etc.



I'm creating a new service called Redacted (Commissions: Simplified, https://<redacted>/) which will hopefully make finding and commissioning artists much easier and simpler, for both sides.  The main function would be listing commission info, allowing your information about commissions to be easily searched and found!  We have tons of features, such as easy modifiers, tagging, example galleries, etc.  One of the most, I feel at least, important aspects of this is that there is no commenting, nothing like that, allowing it to focus on what's important: commissions.  Other services do that better - let's focus on what we are doing.  There's a whole lot more as well, like character storage, commission tracking, etc. which I can talk about as well.  I also have @<redacted> for testing/chat and @<redacted>_announcements for announcements and a discord server if you'd like.



I'm creating a web service called Redacted (Commissions: Simplified, https://<redacted>/) which will serve many functions I feel lack in the community.  The primary function of this site is a fancy directory, a directory in which artists can list their prices and whatnot for each commission type, as well as create options (the best comparison I have is "like a pizza order") which is highly customizable, complete with descriptions, examples, etc.  One of the most, I feel at least, important aspects of this is that there is no commenting, nothing like that, allowing it to be what it should be: a easy to find and search listing.  I'd allow reviews for various things such as communication, turnaround time, and an open response, plus a list of recent commissioners so you can go check them out.

However, the really fun part is commissioning someone through this service.  To submit a request you'd choose the type and options and whatnot, a character (you can predefine characters with a repository of images, so you can say like "the ears are right on this one", etc.).  When you do so you and the artist go through negotiations to agree on a price, then I'm planning on features such as built-in paypal invoices, etc.  After that, the artist can choose between pre-defined states (e.g. sketch, lineart, shading, etc.) and give WIP art.

Additionally, it'd have site-wide things like a simple formatting language, friendly interface, etc.

If you would like to stay informed on development, I have a Telegram group (@<redacted> for testing/chat and @<redacted>_announcements for announcements), Discord server, or email list.

Also if you would like to stay informed on development and whatnot, I have a Telegram group, Discord server (https://discord.gg/YPUnxXr), or email list.
