Hey,

I'm contacting you on behalf of Catalyst as the owner and lead developer (https://catalystapp.co/)

I hope you don't mind me bothering you, but I'm working on a new site called Catalyst which will revolutionize commissions! As you are an established maker here, I was wondering if you might be interested in learning more about it and/or gaining early access.

We strive to simplify the complex process of commissioning for both the artist/maker and the customer. We allow for artists/makers and clients to easily connect and find each other on our platform. We do this through easy listing and searching of artist and maker's information, allowing the customer to find exactly what they want and who they want to commission. Next, we provide an easy-to-use system to track these commissions, simplifying and improving the whole process and allowing both sides to focus on what matters.

One of the most, I feel at least, important aspects of this site is that there's no commenting or similar features. Other services (like Fur Affinity) do that better - let's focus on what we are doing.

There's a ton more features like character storage (no more re-uploading refs and makers can see a plethora of art), commission tracking, [b]no charges, fees, or cuts[/b], and so much more!

If you don't mind, I'd love to talk to you about Catalyst.  I'm reaching out to you because I'd like for you to become an early adopter, and, if you want, to promote us on your various profiles.  The latter is entirely optional, there is no obligation to promote us if you become an early adopter, however once you see our platform in action you might want to!

You can find us at https://catalystapp.co/, on Discord at https://discord.gg/EECUcnT, Telegram at https://t.me/catalystapp, Fur Affinity at :iconCatalystapp:, or any of the other places listed on our site!

As an early adopter you'll receive many rewards, such as being listed on the finished About page, a first chance at featuring yourself on the front page, direct influence on the final product, and more!

Please, let me know if you're interested!  I know you're probably busy, but if you'd take the time to at least look into Catalyst and give feedback then I would be extremely grateful!

Thanks,
Fauxil,
Lead Developer @ Catalyst